docs: clarify generate-config-out limitation with for_each resources (#3148)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.5.x/docs/language/import/generating-configuration.mdx

```

In the example above, Terraform still generates configuration and writes it to `generated.tf`. This error stems from a conflict between the `ipv6_address_count` and `ipv6_addresses` arguments. The resource supports both of these arguments, but you must choose only one when configuring the resource. You could fix the error by removing one of these two arguments, then running `terraform plan` again to check that there are no further issues.

### Importing resources with `for_each`

> ~> **Note:** When importing a resource that will ultimately be managed with `for_each`, `-generate-config-out` cannot generate configuration directly against a `for_each`-keyed address (for example, `aws_s3_bucket.this["my-bucket"]`). Instead, generate the configuration against a temporary, non-indexed resource address first, then manually refactor the generated block into your `for_each` structure afterward. See [hashicorp/terraform#38032](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/issues/38032) for further context and discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-generate-config-out` flag cannot generate configuration directly against a `for_each`-keyed address, for example `aws_s3_bucket.this["my-bucket"]`. 

When importing a resource that you intend to manage with code containing a `for_each` argument, generate the configuration against a temporary, non-indexed resource address first, then manually refactor the generated block into your `for_each` structure afterward. 

Refer to [hashicorp/terraform#38032](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/issues/38032) for more information.
```

Author: Thanks @trujillo-adam! I've updated the wording to match your style edits across both v1.5.x and v1.14.x. Ready for another review!"
